Clarify that all hypertable partitioning columns must be included in the primary key (#800)
timescale/docs: api/create_distributed_hypertable.md

recommend using `replication_factor` > 1, and instead rely on physical
replication of each data node if such fault-tolerance is required.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Generally speaking, I prefer to have Troubleshooting as its own section, rather than tacked on the bottom of other content. Is that possible here? See timescaledb/how-to-guides/continuous-aggregates/troubleshooting.md for an example.

If you create a distributed hypertable on a table that already has a unique
index or primary key, you might get this error:
```
 ERROR: cannot create a unique index without the column "<COLUMN_NAME>" (used in
partitioning) 
```

> To learn more and fix the problem, see the section on [hypertables and unique
> indexes][unique-indexes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to fix this problem, see the
[hypertables and unique indexes][unique-indexes] section.
```
